In the report, we will start by going over the theory behind magnetic circuits.
First we will look at the case of introducing a gap in the magnetic circuit in two different places, one inbetween two permanent magnets, and one in the middle of an iron yoke.
Following that, we will then look at how a gap




Theory

Magnetic Circuits

The basic idea is that strong permanent magnets create a flux that goes through
a ferromagnetic material, similar to how an electric field can flow through a conductive material.
The analogy continues from Maxwell's equations, represented by Ampere's Law {\grad vector x H_vector = 0}
and {\grad_vector \dot B_vector = 0}.

\ INCLUDE PICTURE OF EXPERIMENTAL SETUP

From Ampere's Law, when there are no free currents, as is the case in this experiment,

Theory:
    What is the abstract physical problem?
    Already Written
    What are the relevant physical quantities?
    Tesla, mm
    What laws are relevant?
    Ampere's Law, Maxwell Equations, Ohm's Law
    What does your model predict?
    Theoretical model predicts strong fall of for Part A, extended for Part B,
    Point is models have hard time with this leaking flux, so no good ones
    What assumptions does your model make?
    Assumes B_m = B_k = B_j = B_g and u_k roughly = u_g roughly = u_0
    Part 2 change in flux from different sizes:
    Assume B_m = B_g and H_m = -(I_g + I_k)/(u_0*l_m)B_m

Setup:
    What does your experiment implementation of the physical problem look like?
    Take picture from notes,
    What is your principle of measurement?
    Tesla-meter, gives tesla of it, and using mm sheet for measurement
    What are the dimension/parameter values of your setup? Reuse symbols of the theory section.
    Values are in tesla, and mm
    How accurately do you know the relevant parameters? (Error sources)
    For mm, we used a sheet of graphing paper with mm marks, and did not move the paper as we did the experiment. Therefore,
    our mm values should be fairly accurate.
    For the tesla values, we used a calibrated tesla-meter, but the readings usually did not stay on one value for a given position,
    instead, the tesla-meter varies its value, sometimes significantly, and the single value we take from each spot is what the average seems to be,
    but is not necessarily the true value.

Method:
    What are the steps you take to collect your data?
    The steps taken to measure the field were as follows. First, starting by looking top down in the top-left corner
    That is the origin in the graph. From there, for measuring the field when the gap was inbetween the permanent magnets,
    keep the tesla-meter level, and move in 5mm increments in a grid pattern. Stop taking measurements when the value of the
    tesla-meter reads 10 or below. In the part where the gap is between parts of the iron yoke, take measurements in 10mm increments.
    Once one half of the grid is done, spin the plastic seperator around, and repeat.
Results:
    Show your raw data. If this would be many very similar plots, just show one good example.
    SHOW THE HEATMAPS FOR THE DATA COLLECTION
Analysis:
    How do you process your data?
    The data was processed in Python 3.6 using the Numpy and Matplotlib libraries. Numpy was used to generate the heatmaps, interpolate data points, and
    integrate, while matplotlib was used to plot the data.
    What are the results of your fits?
    The results from the first part generally fit the expected results, with the magnetic fields having very similar fluxes, but very different sizes.
    The second part was inconclusive. With only two different gap sizes, the fitted line is always going to be straight, although it does generally match with
    predictions, there was not enough data points for a true comparision.
Discussion:
    What do the results and analysis tell you about the validity of your model?
    The results and analysis tell me that the model is generally valid. For the first part, where we had a significant amount of data points, the fluxes do generally match.
    For the second part though, the model seems to be right, but there are only two data points, not enough to be sure about that.

    What error source is dominant?
    For part one, the dominant error source is the readings from the Tesla-meter. The readings varied, sometimes significantly, even when the meter was not being moved. We did not
    have time to give a complete range on the data points, instead we took the value seemed to be the middle of the displayed values, but there could have been error in that.

    For the second part, the dominant error is how few gap sizes we used. We did choose to half the gap size, so there should be a visible effect from that, but again, the lack of
    multiple data points makes it impossible to say there is any significance in the results we have for that part.
